foreign
[Music]
welcome back to satanic initiation we have a great service tonight
praise be to Lucifer we finally have a sacrifice but before we can get to that
I need to reiterate the two principles number one we follow reason in this
Temple space that we have constructed we follow reason
number two any of our efforts are thwarted
by profit anybody choosing to profit off of this Sacred Space
is polluted and to be outcast um yes beautiful beautiful
um let's let's proceed then with the purification shall we um I want to bring up uh um this lamb of
a goodie before you and I want to sh uh present to you some of a comment that
was given and I want to look at it reasonably and discuss it just for a
second and that'll be our springboard into the dragon because I know that you all have come here to be dragon
so it is my honor and privilege tonight to introduce you to the dragon I'm
warning you there's quite a bit of esoteric uh uh meaning and uh ritual and
linguistics you can love this it's beautiful
um where is it bring the sacrifice um hit the hit the number one please
this is from Nick thank you Nick for the input almond I respect you for popularizing
and reviewing ancient texts but because you are not even aware about
City and culture you are butchering things it's the first time I've ever been
called a butcher but I'd rather like it anacarsis
wrote about sitting uh anacarsus explain the scythian history to the Greeks he's
this figure that's um kind of the George Washington of the syrians right
um yeah but late he's late Ryan's real late so you know this is six this is
well beyond when the late Bronze Age cillians were at their their Peak yes
but anyway let's keep reading um Aries for example was a lord ruler and a
god an ancient papyri a God is the ruler who has the trust of
his followers I've been reading ancient Papyrus all week and I can't say that that's the case
um yeah yeah um if you're talking about specific references I think you're being I think
I just felt smell just a slight Nick a slight taint
um of the trust in his followers that's somebody who hasn't really
I can tell your your feet haven't been deep into the
Greek and the Greek Traditions um about the Aryans and the histories of the Aryans
oh you're gonna love it Herodotus would smile right
um yeah let's look at let's look at the origins but I'm going to take you back Nick I'm going to take you back and I'm
going to make you look into the face of that queen that Queen and so what else
do we say about Aryans yeah his people took the name Aryans
with an I notice that Aryans is with an eye and all of a sudden you smell what
do you smell you smell 1898. yeah and you smell some Scholars and
some intellectuals in Germany yes this is fun I love this stuff and uh
uh descendants I assume you meant descendants series dickheadans but descendants of them are now in places
like Iran Ireland Romania Armenia Etc and then Nick
has a request I beg you to distance yourself from the satanists
it tells you people get me in trouble and pedophilia or you guys will soon end
up hanged by the neck in the Public Square yes yes let's look that provides us the
the perfect springboard and Nick um
look you know between you and me um it's the sources that matter uh
you're like a detective when you do this when you look at history and you have to
piece things together and you can say that cadaver was shot but if you don't
find a hole and a bullet oh you've got problems
to the satanic congregation I want to address I want you to see what Nick is doing this is what I warned
I warned about right there will be those of you who will be seduced
who will be seduced by the academics I worked with academics
right I went um I went to a conference in England
once and at this conference just so you can know who I am I went to a conference in England and uh the London Times
happened to be there they were they were doing reporting on it and they came and
reviewed um the work in my panel and they said of my work that it was the last Wild
Frontier of Classics an ostrich Professor that nobody that apparently never talks to anybody
happened to approach me and say you may be right to which is graduate students
said oh my goodness oh my goodness this is wonderful right um once you're in these texts that provides
you with an immunity there's two types of people there's people who know this evidence who can read it and those
people read every day they wake up in the morning they read ancient Greek
okay it's just the the way it is it's their occupation and then there are
those people there are those rules who have come in amongst the Sheep who claim
a knowledge of the Greek and somebody who's been doing this for 30 years like myself has
developed enough skill to be able to tell right away when somebody in his field is a
beginner or doesn't have that breadth of knowledge that they should
and I'd like to bring you some of that knowledge right now some of these texts
we're going to look at some things that people don't ordinarily look at and we're going to look at the Aryan
connection and we're going to look at the dragon and what is the Dragon
okay so let's uh uh let's get into it
foreign pulling up the very next row please
I want to show you a couple of definitions yes
excellent good um I want you to um typically so I'll come over like this typically uh so as
you can see from Nick's paragraph he spelled Aryan with an i right and I'll
show you in a minute how the victorians very nicely sifted out for us but that by the time of straybow
um there's this active debate about what's the real root right is it Alpha
row oopsilon or is it Alpha row iota and um Nick would be jumping around
saying this is a Sanskrit route it's not it's not this is a vesting it says
nothing to do um here's the problem on the Greek side it this word has its own derivation and
I'll show you the texts that talk about that derivation and I'll show you a little cannabis in Antiquity the
question tonight is what is the street name of cannabis yeah in Antiquity the street name what do you call it I can't
wait to show you okay so aruo here I just want you to notice that this verb
in Greek is shown to us in the Oxford lexicon um it's going to be some type of drawing
or pulling a a movement that has to do with out of
something toward the drawer toward the one performing the action and you can see at the bottom there's a lovely
um little quote about uh it's used as stars rising out of the sea right so to
aruo is to draw that's interesting and wonderful because we have the same root that is used in
words like Hera and Aries
um and you'll notice right away oh we have names of gods that are creeping in yes we do you're in the right Cult Don't
Worry right this is where we're supposed to be um why can't we why can't we turn away
from the pedophilia by the way why can't we when I went to the University of
Wisconsin I discovered where the ceiling was and so I picked up a rock and I
shattered it and I said from now on I'm always going to break through the ceiling because the
establishment there was saying you cannot say that um the founders of Western Civilization
use drugs you can't say that and uh after seeing what I had seen
um you know hey it wasn't it wasn't hard for me to say Hey you know Marcus Aurelius and those meditations you love
to read Professor so and so from Ireland you know who you are Professor so-and-so
from Ireland um yeah um you have to realize what's uh what's
going on with some of the material that's around you right um and they didn't want to do this they
didn't want to do this so I'm going to bring that to you and it starts here with aruo let's go to the next let's go
to the next what are you raising out of the sea um well we're raising Aryans
right okay I want to move here and I want to show you the audio and how it is that
the victorians Define them the ancient name of the medes ancient name of the medes look at that
it's not we get about Iranian Highlands oh that's beautiful later with respects to Persia right next
slide please yeah this is a section of Herodotus
and I want to read you a little a little bit of Herodotus starting at apico Menace
which is one two three four five lines down halfway through the line apical Minis
ex athene is tutus
foreign
excuse me after Medea after Medea
arrived from Athens and which which Media or which medwa the kolkian medwa
after she arrived in Athens um the people there the Aryans changed
their name right to the medes to suit her and this is what they all
this is what they all call themselves so they changed their genos they change
their ethnic name yeah isn't that neat isn't that neat okay next please
I just want you to notice that the victorians are noticing
that the root is changing from the Ari to the aru and why is it why would we
have um we can read here at the bottom modern philology gives the name Aryan of course very much water extension which was
which indeed was beginning even the time of strabo so it looks like at least by the time it's drabo that this is this is
a um debate a linguistic debate at the time because there are these excellent
things and these are the these are the authors that these people who claim knowledge and just give you
generalizations anytime you get a generalizations it's bunk if somebody's you know we're detectives this is
history and we're detectives you better bring me some evidence and you better
lay it out religious historians love love love love love the ideas and the theories
right they're not so good with the actual evidence so what about these Aryans what about these Aryans
um right um that drawing
is the very thing that the Mad boy become known for doing that connection
to drawing down they had an expression to draw down the Moon
can anybody draw down the Moon yeah can you draw the Stars you can draw
a third of them if you've got the right tail you can draw a third of them
yeah Stars why would you want to draw Stars aren't those the things that we
look up at right they're just they're just balls I'm sending a slight old
light hitting us
in order to get there to those Stars we got to go through a dragon
a dragon who is protecting a Sacred Space what is a dragon
can you please bring up for me the first dragon
there we go um just bring up dracon please the first dragon thank you
yep perfect take a look at this Through The Eyes of Alice from Alice in Wonderland yes and by the way we cannot
give up that pedophilia we must track down the source of this saturnian
satanic I can't I can't Nick I can't abandon the saturnian way I can't stop
people from seeing via these dead people by these sources that Judaism and
Christianity are inventions of saturnian or satanic Magic
yeah I'm gonna show you Moses's stick here in a second go right follows the muse
be careful okay what is this drag and bring up the dragon right notice right
away on the top they tell you it's from der Kumai and that's because our ancient
etymologists our ancient etymologists the people who sat down and tried to figure out make lexicon figure out where
these words come from um and there's quite a few you can read them I'm saying this door is my favorite
but anyway it's only because he says almond is the Antichrist
I don't know why anyway so uh if if if we can look at how the where the word
comes from remember I tell all my students the first and I love this the first I really get into this the first
day I tell them everything that you're gonna be seeing in the vocabulary and
Greek all of these words come from somewhere they all have roots
and these roots have histories they're their own
organisms tonight I want to show you the Str root
the s t r root I'd call it the sigma Tau row root because that's how I see it
most but I'm going to use the Latin right oh okay fantastic I'm so excited
okay let's go um back to the dragon what is that dragon
um are you ready what is the Dragon the dragon is a serpent
yeah the constellation right we know there's we know there's the constellation Draco
right Fantastic look at Roman numeral number four
carries around don't you love that I love that Kappa Sigma combination it's a c
Lovett accepts this um anyway so the k-looks who's the kerukes he's a messenger bro he's a
messenger of God a messenger of God and what does he carry around a thing called the
kerukayon and what are the what are the uh victorians point out there under
dragon it's a wand with a serpent coiled on it
yeah right right so the dracon is
the wand with the serpent coiled now for those of you who want to jump ahead to
you shut up you for those of you who want to jump ahead to Jung um uh you'll find the serpent wand and
who has it who possesses it in the red book is the girl who is half virgin half
Viper love it love it um yeah did you know about dragons ah I
think he knew a thing or two and his seal proves it the seal on his text proves it by the way nobody's responded
to me yet about young seal nobody's found it I'll show it to you you will love it it's it's delicious
yeah okay um it can also be people look at that the dragon standard yeah and um
we have two sources that tell us the dragon like the wolves are Temple Guardians and we know they're individual
people right and we're meeting with these people there's we're talking real concrete history now I don't want funny
funny story land I I want the actuality I want to bring you the actuality and
that's the sacrifice that Nick has to pay he has to see the reality
of the Aryans with the why why is it the why is it the why why is there the
debate over the Upsilon the why english-wise and oopsilon right so um
why why do we have the debate over the Upsilon or the iota right oh it's amazing something's hiding
something's hiding in the Upsilon and it's a diagama
it's a diagram it's an old old Greek letter I'm talking Mycenaean Bronze Age
letter I'm talking contemporary with the very Origins of what you consider
um Sanskrit right and earlier that's what I'm talking
you think Aryan came from Sanskrit you don't want to know why they put the W in it because it's a Dye gamma
yeah Ottawa yeah isn't that nice yeah who are these
who are these uh people and and what's with all their cannabis we know that
Herodotus spills the beans on a cannabis let's just go now to the Cannabis in the
ancient text now put that back up I like that I was just starting to yes let's just go to the Cannabis in the text now
and look at what these scythians Nick I know that you've never I don't want to
do this because it's painful but I know that you've never met Sita right
um and she is the name given to medwa or Medea by the poet
with the flattering tongue who is named dracontius
yes yes and if you would read you didn't know dracontius was a source for the
scythians did you no I know you didn't Nick when you're around the professionals
enough you start to you start to see where the knowledge is able to filter to
I won't look look at this people that that's an entire volume
770 Pages 770 pages on antidotes antidotes
antidotes and great you see it's translation no you don't because it hasn't been translated just on the
antidotes so let's blow the lid off this thing and
let's look at what the actual history was bring us up did you bring us up the Diane squirties I hereby summon
diascortis great
pharmacologist we really don't have some people want to say he's a physician but he doesn't really classify as a
physician he doesn't look like he practices much he looks like he's more
on the pharmacology side he's more like the Buddy of the root Cutters that we were looking at yeah and anyway he's got
a great section if you could bring that up now um yeah it is here I will show you
excuse us folks yeah so we need to get to the oysters as
well oh and he asked for us here we are looks like this so diascorides thank you
Chewie appreciate it you're doing a sterling job by the way everybody out there says what a good job
you do so I appreciate that no not that one that's a nice one but here yes this
one this is it okay so this is Dias Gordy's who is himself you you'll have
to excuse me this background um diascortis is the one who is writing
about all the Botanicals and where you get them and what they do and what powers they have and he's also writing about the poisons and the poisons that
you use um to counteract those poisons wonderful stuff Venoms oh love it love it let's
anyway bring us back the text there of diascortis yep nope there we go and
cannabis there you guys see cannabis in its original Greek form hey mattos that's just the cultivated kind right
there's wild agria there's wild cannabis and the kind that you actually work with yeah and now he's gonna say Hoy they can
Avion Hoy Des
the Romans call their stuff kanabim he has street names for the drugs that are
used yeah and as you can see here us is one of the freezer comes
you can take it off please um one of the common names and he he says that the street name is asterion
the common name is asterion you go to the marketplace and you order up some Australians and what is austerion
notice that it's got the Str root that everybody is looking for the Str root
Str Str do you see the Str the word for star is aster
a stereon is star Little Star right give me some little star man I
need to go where the Aryans go because the scythians we know are into
the star the citians are into the star they love that star um okay so let's uh uh what can we do
with the star right what can we do with the and why did they call it that because of the one of the reasons
um uh that is explicitly stated is because of the shape of the leaf yeah that's nice I kind of like that
five-pointed star thing that's kind of nice not to get too overly satanic Nick
um uh but there you go there's a nice connection give me that really ferocious look of Satan there oh no that's just
more star we're transporting into the star there we go there we go that's a
nice one fantastic okay so now I want to take you to some oysters
a couple people have asked what's the oysters right and please remember that
we are entering an initiation right so these images I want to tell you
to be careful these images could cause you um serious discomfort
serious discomfort yes in a in a series of discomfort as we can get on YouTube
and still maintain the historical accuracy of our research Bryant we're
scientists here reason first right we don't just jump in Nick remember that
okay so here we go I want to bring up EOS for us please
ah he asked for us um that's fine that's fine I can do that one
um but we have that one with smaller I want you to bring up this one please yes for us there you go EOS for us right
look at the Doric Aus photos you like that EOS and aus
um so there's I tell everybody in the Greek class it comes from the verbs and the vowels are really adjusting the or
adjusting kind of fine tuning the root but it's really not the vowels that
matter it's really not the vowels that matter it's the consonants that carry the weight and under certain
circumstances that can change like that first Ada is is a part of the root
so okay here we go um what is this word
the bringer of mourn say the victorians the morning star and you'll notice that
it equals hesperos yes and afroditees
so this morning star or Aphrodite or the
one that four root is carried right the one who carries the dawn I asked you all
who with the utmost sincerity and I think this area and
exhibition is the perfect place to do it it's the perfect sacrosanct place to spill this Blood
the mother of Lucifer I heard recently on a podcast a Harvard religious studies
expert say that it was that it was
um Lucifer didn't exist right this is a later invention you know etc etc
um what I'm saying to you is that Lucifer is a Bronze Age that's the
oldest we could we can track him back and he is that carrier of EOS
right he's that carrier of dawn his mother that the mother of
Lucifer is the dawn and for those of you who are interested
in the vampire side of that remember this is a half virgin half Viper we're talking
about for those of you who are interested in the Viper side of that and the actual vampires and the Order of the
dragon and Vlad and the Impaler and his
court poet you're going to find that this um Don bringer will introduce you to she
who is of the Rose colored skin
yeah yeah are Aryans uh
ottawans what are they doing with the rose-colored skin you know they're
bringing us vampires that bring us a girl who is half vampire half I mean this is
okay back to the dragon back to the dragon and the oysters
there there's the dawnbringer by the way so for those of you in religious studies from the big Ivy League schools
um Trace simply Trace EOS for us and you will find that Lucifer is indeed there
and that Saturn is just a d rotified Satan
who said we have a a a Hebrew manuscript right that's the complete edition we're
gonna make it we're going to back translate right it contradicts that yes it's not Semitic it's not a it's
actually not a Semitic word ah nice Satan
Saturn s t r what is the oistress if
Satan and Saturn have a bunch of seders are you a Seder of Saturn
if you really want to strive to be a good Satanist you have to be a Satan
seder of Saturn yes you have to have satsariasis
by after taking satyrian and why would you take satirian in order
to become a Seder of Saturn why would you do that
because you entered the oysteromania and you are alive
you have experienced the mystery and now you your eyes are open
right and you you wonder was that Guardian
there for the sake of the boisterous bring us oysters what is oysters
yes a gadfly yeah probably it gives this piece of
Genesis species of which which one of these bugs that stings cattle right look at number two in insects that
infest honey fish right a small insectivorous bird metaphor a sting
boisterous is a sting anything that drives somebody mad
yeah and the Greek there talks about by means of the oysters of the erinuities
the arenues you know what the arenues are they're what's produced when you castrate uranos
and his blood meets with the Earth you get
the erenues and what do they do they send you oysters in the orphic hymns
there's a beautiful one dedicated to milanoi Who is the
the one who dances with the Dead I love this I love this wouldn't you
like to worship this goddess Imagine This a queen who dances with the Dead
whose power is to put you into a maniac
state yeah it's very bachic it's very bachick I love it I love it where are these
things where are these things why don't we ever discuss these things anymore
um anyway and if you'll notice uh in the bottom so that's the that's the get Fly
they call it now Olivia go uh excuse me Chewie go to the stores go to the source
of Rio I want the verb Rio can we bring up Rio for me
[Music] I want to show people I've talked about this a little bit before but this this
is relevant for the Dragon for us understand the dragon and if you notice at the bottom of this definition of Creo
right which um to Rob anoint with scented anguents
nice nice rubbing and anointing stuff to wash to wash something over and you can wash
with other things it doesn't have to be water right you can wash with oils yeah you can apply things this Cleo is just
the application process but then at the very bottom at the very bottom hi Rob
I'll be with you in a second at the very bottom of this definition
means to be stung by the gadfly
so the one who was stung by the gadfly that is the Christos
that individual is able to enter oystermania
and complete the mystery
by means of the trinity and this is sotteria
s t r salvation yeah Nick will we ever get away from the
whoever get away from the boys I'm trying from the naked boy in the garden
with Jesus no right our job here as saturnians as satanists is to show you
that naked boy and that means we have to go to some
pretty awful places and deal with some pretty awful people
um and and see the reality yes and isn't that
the moment isn't that when you perceive the reality and that Awakening isn't
that the real profound moment
[Music]
foreign [Music]
it's gorgeous it's gorgeous oh errands and drugs and
how well you guys can't get this you know anywhere you can't you this is this is
this is the depth right this is the underbelly Rob has joined us and Rob
um will go ahead and end out our satanic initiation for the day
um Rob I know that you've been doing a lot of work and a lot of research and I know that you've been watching questions
is there anything is there anything you want to bring to my attention now yeah there's quite a few things um
first I'm going to go first with a gut wrench who's been in there comments and
they call this gut wrench call this is he he made a comments enough it was in the it's in the middle of me list but
I'm going there first and then I'll go back to the First on me list which we've got a good list
um and he called it the asterion is one named for cannabis also the name of the Minotaur somebody someone really needs
to compile a total list of code names from Galen guys Gordy's The PGN Etc
and
well very nice let me just comment down there and say that is exactly exactly
right you are um somebody should go through and they should study this I mean Dias Gordy's
already did the work for us and recorded it all so why don't we jump in and say
which drugs are associated with which rights and and and create this
um Renaissance of knowledge yeah I totally agree diascortis oh you know
dice Gordy's love it love it good stuff you should do right scrivonius largest too he's the guy who
talks about the witches taking the livers of the Gladiators and picking up their mouths and stuff like that
go ahead whoops turn that off okay I want to take you back to the last
episode yeah a question Lord Snappy asked and he
he asked and he's asking again and this is through the Discord so he says oh could you ask Eamon to repeat his
academic guess as to who thinks is responsible for turning the Savior figure male
he answered last stream but the internet caught off during his answer and nobody heard it and um I'll put that down to
like you're profaning and I've noticed as you you have these
cutoffs you know these happenings we've discussed it and um I put it down to
your profaning over the internet I think you need like there's some sort of
restraint aspect going on but maybe now you can answer that
question and thank you yeah perhaps that restraining force is being removed
um yes uh it started out right from the beginning right from the beginning after Medea invented the thing right um
Heracles and his offspring uh took it up took up the cult and converted it into a
masculine form that only she was allowed to to be present for only Medea there's
no woman that's allowed except for Medea there's something special about her and
since we know that in the mystery she is the cup then we know that there's some
kind of distribution whether it's mirrored in the corporations
and and the uh uh the nicolations whether it's mirrored in them more
accurately with their semen use in Helen for example and again and contributing
her scene if that that may be how the right why the right allows this one
female figure but it is turned to a completely male initiation and it's
pederastic it's a pederastic initiation
um uh so can we turn from the pedophilia no Jesus is arrested in a public park
for a an Str reason and um Hercules is providing us with the
very same um the same uh uh example the same
religion it's the derivation um uh the the maturation of the child
um and in the process you derive the communion you know let this cup pass
right perhaps unpleasant but the it's one of the Avenues so it looks like as a
Bronze Age phenomenon this snap serpent on a pole is is used as a
feminine art that then can be kind of Taken and changed a little bit into a
masculine art and hence and you always have to have naked boys right naked boys
naked boys right all the naked boys I can't stop educating you about the
pedophilia in Antiquity we can't um yeah I it's the reason that those
priests that are involved um according to the gentleman the Monsignor that I knew it's the reason
that they're so arrogant and when they get caught in their ways in their
ritualistic um um rape
of children that they get upset like it's your fault
um you know they should be free to do this you you I'm trying to show you a world that exists
um that you don't know because you are following the fairy tale dream that
everybody is having I'm offering you the rod with the serpent wand around it to
come out of the dream Rob what else questions do we have yeah I love that what well said I like that and I'm gonna
go to Darren g next this is of disco two I'm not trying to encourage everybody go
on Discord it's just as these are the questions what I've asked previously and created like 24 hours before the show so
I'm not going to ignore them I'm gonna I'm gonna pull them out um there was a conversation you had on
Discord and the warrior permanent poet Armand was talking about is one of our
Discord calls I don't think we ever got to the bottom of who it actually was in
the Warrior permit is now I need my memory I don't I I it
really bugged me because I've Got a Feeling when you want to so
like will Dawn over Marblehead For Me Maybe maybe I don't know well can we bring the
dawn is that the trick can we bring the dawn yeah
excellent yeah show me where's this what do you post yeah who is the warrior poet
right um today we're introducing you to the Dragon so we get to see the one who guards the
voice and that voice uses the power of the Muse to write
your surroundings to write your existence yeah the dragon guards that voice
and there's only one way there's there's only one way to master that voice if you master the Dragon
yeah okay so does that I answer to you in parables
those of you with ears to hear uh will be able to hear yeah I want I wanted to
read you there's a little section I don't I didn't want this um to get missed tonight but I had
brought you guys Valerius flacus who writes about the dragon and he's um Medea is bringing Jason to the dragon
and um Jason is afraid and it's you know she's guiding him because he's a big
chicken and um he sees the lightning in the flashes and he says what is this and
she says that's the dragon and um he says uh how can I possibly get the
fleece because he wants the voice that's on the fleece and
puts the dragon to sleep but in very eloquent Latin
um it it tells us that this dragon has a Crest from which flashes great lightning
yes here we go oh this is wonderful look at this yes
so she said these things and being Furious
she ran across the path she carried herself over the path right with these
frenzied steps she is in Oyster Mania no bring us the text forget my face we
don't need my face this companion of hers this iasan
this yasone what does he do he clings to her and and he's he's pitying her he's
clinging to her as a scaredy cat yet he's pitting her when suddenly in gintamania into the
nubila flame conspic it he saw this gigantic flame coming from the middle of
the clouds get your keirukion ready right get your kaluki on ready I'm
showing you the dragon right the clouds with the fire from in them good go back
bring us the text oh bring us yes I love you guys flakkas thank you so much
um yeah and so let me keep reading um it's sidewalk we brontes Lucas
beating the darkness right with Savage light
Savage light right he is the execution
of the power of the light bringer
nope we want to stay here is
oh look at that word cetus we got the word star yeah Jason says what is this what is this
redness around the pole right what is this star seedus what is
this star that shines with such Mourning
that's what he said and so in the text says the Virgo see where it says Virgo Virgo
the Virgo wait a minute this is Medea we're talking about right yes
she is the Virgo she is
yes um what does she do she answers she returns back to an answer to her to her
fearful little companion and she says this IPS use in
oculosis excuse me and notice notice that this is using language from a guy
who read The Sibling books this is in a meter correct okay so watch what happens
ifsias in Oculus behold in look look you're looking at what you're looking at
the eyes and the Lumina torwa of the draconis of the Dragon you're looking
into that Illuminating terrifying
that thing that puts you uh and sudden shock that's coming from his eyes the word
dragon the word Dragon comes from the Greek to
see to see and it's a a very common very
common um saying statement that the blind Dragon sees
yeah I'm parisius for example right seeing the virgin
tyresia sees the Virgin and the cost is his sight
in return for which she gives him ionic vision
yeah gorgeous um anyway it says it continues to say the dragon is afraid of
only only Medea Medea alone uh okay so do you feel the cult we kind
of we kind of tried to run in there we tried to run in there with Hercules we tried to sneak in that door and see
what's going on this is the precursor to Judaism and to Christianity
this is the mystery that is driving Judaism and Christianity uh okay more
questions we still have a couple of minutes before the hour is up excuse
pronunciation I'm gonna go with Piero I think um are you are you interested in going
to the pillars of villa Hercules or Heracles just in general there's a discussion
setting up my wheelhouse my idea so interesting and understanding
what that means to be honest yeah yeah the pillars of Heracles and the labors
of Heracles and the opening of the gateway to Atlantis I knew I knew it
would not be too long until somebody brought up Atlantis what is it with
Atlantis all of a sudden people are people are looking for the thing
yeah what do you think what do you think Rob yeah
all these things are going to be jiren come up you know this is it's all out there and people read their
stuff and it comes out a lot the Met back out in that respect is you'll read something
and then you'll repeat the last thing you've read or the last thing you've heard and rather than
rather than thinking about airtime reflecting upon it comprehending
it you move on to the next one and the next one and you see you you start beginning to gather a list of
interesting facts or you really need to
acknowledge what you're reading and reflect both
because you've got to take that to a higher level in my estimation
that's where I try to do that's that's my goal I think we could safely say that's the
path of Reason isn't it I mean it sounds like you're sounds like you're one of these crazy
saturnians yeah who follows that reason to its conclusion that's I love that Rob
I love that thank you we've got Brian Ryan
following instructions from previous stream is imbued some cannabis with the
powers of the Gods and he's now ready to become an oyster maniac
because it doesn't have to be a question I've just picked out comments as well which I'll appeal that's just like that
he's now ready for the oyster maniac yeah I want to bring up for his sake
there's a I put together this I didn't put it together I just stole it from Alice right by the way ever everything
that I do guys is stolen right from the news right I just asked her and she
opens it up somebody asked me today to come and to do the um to do the sword
says in front of you somebody else has asked me to do this in the past um you know you're looking for something
so show me this and you take a book off the shelf from the library and there it is
um yeah it uh but I have to give credit to her because I
just ask her the Muse and she shows me that's the dawning
right that's the dawning there's a reason we worship urania there's there's a reason a reason the
odd one are using uh the Ares right there's a reason they're using it uh if
you could understand these and all that stuff is buried in the language watch this this is this is your question for
for oyster Mania is is uh brilliant look at this chart look at this chart and I
just want you to see on the left side in the entry yeah oyster bullet oh that literally is
just a throw right or to beat something with um with the oysters to inflict the
oysters right oysterodinatos driven Round and Round by the gadfly
well that's an interesting you mean you you have a word for mean to be chased by
The Sting of the gas line yes they do uh I want you just to jump down to oysteromones oysteromones
mad from the gadfly sting so when we have the sibling oracles that's okay
leave it up when we have the please when we have the sibling oracles and she says I enter into oyster Mania you will know
that she is not following fairy tale as we do all right the she is using a drug
compound it's a compound in order to enter into a state a Quantum state
where she can draw down the stars and bring Dawn
oh it's gorgeous yeah because I wonder Brian do you
really want your instrument here that friends in that Fury yeah
yeah I I am you must consider that you're not friends
um moving on Cranium Maximus has listened to half of
Kane today at work and so far it appears that we should might be the bringer of Truth
which is back up got a comments uh I like that comments
any thoughts on that comment because you've been asking it's in response I
guess kind of a response to who is Satan
yeah I think he yeah I think that commenter um would appreciate patriarch
for bring
I mean YouTube
in the gallery am I there's anyone in the gallery in lip read
[Laughter] ing I'm not ready
you're doing great and I I need your I need your profound intellect to help me
break down Rob most of you don't realize it but Rob is digging into the deepest
and um most beautiful uh British soil possible and he's digging into his roots
with with um how this purple how this Burning purple was accepted and received were
his ancestors uh walked and lived beautiful but
um you would like that last commenter you would like the petrarch because he is bringing Veritas he puts Veritas in
the position of the Muse so I would say you are very patriarchian with your approach and I believe that
um it it it smells a fine incense of purification I believe that that I can
smell your purification ah love it love it okay
a question yeah no how do you think the devil's wall does the trick brother
would you would you recommend the devil's walk no I've no I have not the
devil's want tell tell us Rob tell us about the devil's walk I'm completely completely unfamiliar
no you're not you you know who Robert Shelby is you just need to remind him
I'm sure um The Poetry from the Lake District
when we're talking about Byron then I like to also include the devil's
walk they messed with friends and it was about similar ideas and similar math
preserve laying this down it's it was working man for my understanding he's
they come from a Layman background not privileged and I like it's similar to my
background so I appreciate the terminology he uses and each each
part each each part that you can go into you can it's offering quite a lot of
knowledge that you can research and you'll spend a good deal of time appreciating if you go for the
reach whatever it's called does this dead does this dead man lead
us to the lead us to the Virgin who's half Viper in the cave does he lead us
to her well in part in party early goes It goes in part but
for me to give me a better impression of the world and now it's
sponge essentially that that was the reason I got out of that
out of the devil's room anyway I just want to sit here suggested
for those for those of you who want to to read and discuss I encourage you and
that'll be something good for the for the um the Inquisition or what is it called
um we talked about getting bit by the gadfly I get bitten by the the don't fly
when live streamers in in the mix yeah
Rob that's a that's a Discord discussion though you need to bring that up resurrect these guys for the people to
see you've been working with numerous authors and I mean Mary Shelley is out
there for all of you women um specifically who want to hear the the
voice and it's most clear or what they call in Greek liguea
um you can either read Edgar Allan Poe's Liga or um Mary Shelley and you've been you've
been working with Mary Shelley Ron what what can you tell us about I mean I
heard she crept into the caves at Kumai and she was able to find um the leaves upon which were written
the oracles and that she was able to rearrange those into a story
um I mean there's a reason that Frankenstein is Prometheus
right I mean wow what's going she wrote she wrote Frankenstein while in the
company of Byron and then the company of Percy it was the the whole the kind of
competition and that writer in a cult story something off the wall and an 18
year old man Shelley came up with this frankenstad story in that competition one competition that
is real um but she's the history of Mary Shelley
her mother the father very interesting story very interesting route to go down and you can see why I think she was
attractive it's a it's a very very very interesting narrative and you put me onto Percy
through the queen mum
found a cave yeah yeah you're finally I really
enjoyed the last man I can't think of anything
at the time I've got um orgies of words
at the time which is revealing known as his mystery terminology or
supposedly doesn't go deep enough in my life what went deeper for my liking was the
last man I was reading that and listening to an audio book and when
I went to the last man audio group I was receiving more mystery information than
I was in it textbook that's out there to to reveal
mystery to Immunology it was just quite astonishing that how much information
Mary shall we gives him that novel because you're devoted that's perfect perfect wrap-up
because you're devoted to the Muse right do you see what he did you see what the Satanist did oh congregation do you see
the Satanist with his shaved head um do you see what he did he worships
The Muse and follows her and she explains to and shows him a reality
that allows him to be awake um he's able to understand in a way he's
able to understand
normally isn't can we bring up um Rob just because you said that and just because the commenter Nick said the
commenter of the day said um uh about the pedophilia can we get away from the
pedophilia just because he said that can we end with
um the devil and pedophilia is that is that okay let's go where are we going to
go in in this text I'm going to bring it up to you and it is oh you're gonna love
this it is I don't I only remembered it Rob because you brought up nonus and
nobody ever talks about nonus right it's these two lines please the upo lines
thank you Chewie I wouldn't be able to do this without you yeah yeah
thank you um look at these lines and Rob this is
this is taken right out of the heart of the bacchic satanism
um age
on foreign austere there's our word for Star isn't that nice Aster at the end of
that line EOS photos
nice then that's the end of this the sentence so not yet what does this
translate into not yet has my star
arrived or been drawn having bathed in the outpouring having
Bay having been bathed in those Waters not yet has EOS
not yet has the bringer of dawn shown His Holy Light
yeah isn't that nice this is directly you can remove it now this is directly
and why do I say there's pedophilia this is the derivation of EOS for us from the
waters in rev in the book of the Apocalypse the Revelation you will all you will all be familiar with because
then well maybe not everybody but a lot of people will be familiar with
um the dragon's use of the waters and what that means now if you go back
and look at it in the book of the Apocalypse Now it will suddenly start to make sense I am profaning for you this
mystery so that you can make sense of it not yet has the Morning Star
been drawn from the waters yeah what is that Holy lion that is that
is that is penetrating our hexametric oracular wisdom oh isn't that nice
where's the connection with the pedophilia this is in a section that has
to do with the boy lover of Apollo the sun god
remember we're in the astral religion now with the saturnian cult
this is the Sun God we're talking about and of course if we're going to talk
about Dawn Dawn is the culmination of the entire cycle it is everything that
the great mother represents are you kidding me you mean Lucifer represents
the is the bringer of the great mother yes yes the bringer of dawn it's oh it's
it's it's simply where was that exit from
oh that was book 11. that was book 11 of known as in his dionysiaka which is the
war like the one we had tonight when dionitus went over to India and fought
the gods of India and brought them drunkenness and ecstasy and you'll say
oh that's the Soma plant and what about the salmon yeah right right jump in there dive around get into that cult
stuff all right who's gonna is anybody gonna read the antidotes
we need to do it okay I think we've had I can't waste more than much more than
an hour of people's time I don't want to give a quick shout out to Nancy
Divine she's she's reading Byron loving Byron please please what does Nancy say what
does Nancy say I've got to read more Byron reread is what I mean what's to think
about it and exquisite language and rereading is amazing which dude I I appreciate because you
miss things on the first reading the second reading you go back to the third reading the fourth really reading and
there's so much depth to these to these texts you can keep it busy for hours if
you need busy grounds and I appreciate what Nancy's doing she's she's engaging with the Jackson
recognition um she's she's following the way she's
following the way and she's using necromantic techniques to do so she is
raising the dead in in honoring the Muse yeah yeah
I'm afraid I do want one more time to bring up can
you bring up the name of the Dragon for the people this will be the last thing that I throw in but for the people who
um can't really visualize the dragon because your mind is stuck in Tolkien
and you're thinking dragons from Tolkien right um who by the way is a thief but you
know many of the Best Authors are um so uh you're thinking this Dragon I
want you to see this is not this is not that Dragon this is an individual and
what you have on the screen in front of you or what are called the orphic gramata
these are the orphic writings or the orphic letters
and our text tells us that this is the name this is what the dragon is called
if you could translate this you would be able to possess if you could translate
this you would have the image that is in the name and with the image of the name you would be able to possess the power
of the Dragon Isn't that cool that's one of the coolest things I've ever seen right out of antiquity people right out
of antiquity do the scholars at Harvard do this stuff no they don't
right do they do the medicine no they don't right the same
next time
I'm going to the chat I can see next in the chat
I'm not made for YouTube I'm not made for standing in like this but other people are really good oh his
aim is really good thing all right guys all right guys I'm
holding you and and I'm not respecting you to keep holding you I appreciate
everyone and I'm next satanic initiation I'm considering you've asked me people
have asked me to show them a magical operation
or to bring it to an accessible point it's the same thing to keep uh uh uh the
question about the asking if I will do the sortes um uh in front of you visibly
um so that you can uh so that you can see it and experience it um and what it is can we communicate
with these sources can we create a templum where the Muse is able to
function uh I will ask the Muse I will ask the Muse if she wouldn't mind
um Rob I thank you for joining and to everybody out there uh I thank you for
your time I'd like to thank the gallery thanks for the comments thank you
questions very much appreciated I need them they're going to be my bread and
please send send them send them and I'll get them up and try and address them in
the best way across well the best format possible got where you come format
let me know what you think let me know what you think about what's going on tonight and I'll try and improve
I I thought you could really enjoyed everything and with that and with that we say hail
Satan yep hang on good night
[Music]
thank you